{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b \ul Reminders: 
\b0 \ulnone \
make sure to update the Facebook / email link in all 3 locations!\
\
There is a fake pdf as a place holder for the Studio Direct Packet - be sure to replace it. If you keep the file name the same you won\'92t need to modify the html.\
\
There is a fake icon (Favicon). Again if you keep the file name the same you won\'92t need to modify the html.\
\
In the slideshow under the header \'93a New Artist to Patron Model\'94 keep all images the same width or the whole page will wiggle\
\
note that the \'93back to top\'94 link disappears when the screen is small. I did this so that the footer still looks good when the screen is small. \
\
\
\

\b \ul How Tos 
\b0 \ulnone \
to add images to the cover image slideshow. open \'93coverImgScripts.js\'94 and add the file names to the array called \'93bgImgs.\'94 For example to add a third image you would place the image in \'93img/background\'94 and edit the script to read: \
\
	var bgImgs = ["BackGroundImg1.jpg", "BackGroundImg2.jpg" , "BackGroundImg3.jpg"];\
\
\
You would do nearly the same thing to update the other slideshow. Except add the image to \'93img/theModel_Assets/slideshow\'94 and modify the array at the top of the \'93simpleslideShow.js\'94 file. \
\
\
\

\b \ul Some links
\b0 \ulnone \
This was a very annoying issue, but now it is fixed: \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://foundation.zurb.com/forum/posts/547-off-canvas-with-fixed-top-bar?page=3"}}{\fldrslt http://foundation.zurb.com/forum/posts/547-off-canvas-with-fixed-top-bar?page=3}}\
Arrow Hover: \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.corelangs.com/css/box/hover.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf0 http://www.corelangs.com/css/box/hover.html}}
\fs26 \
The nav: \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://css-tricks.com/centering-list-items-horizontally-slightly-trickier-than-you-might-think/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://css-tricks.com/centering-list-items-horizontally-slightly-trickier-than-you-might-think/}}\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 My hosting recommendation: NearlyFreeSpeech \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf0 \
}